is is is
And then I'm working okay, it's not good night
Thursday November 12th 19 hours here is Elisângela I have met from all over
our pound interpreter is that minister Damares woman human right
I don't know if I got the order right here she will say something like that
interesting she was criticized is unfairly for something so then
going back to Jesus, he will explain this here and the second time back there is
that we are going to talk about politics, right, the first part here doesn’t have a policy
here only news and for us to really update this first thing
today had woke up early from a headline did not make the headline in the Estado Newspaper
from São Paulo saying that the government just doesn't speak government I am I would send a
PEC for the congress where Goiás products are not a case of committing a crime
environmental your property would be expropriated you would be losing your
property is well I took notice that if
because I never discussed it with anyone and I wouldn’t discuss it already
know my position doing when I went to see it was a proposal from the
Amazon Council and here is one of the items here
good then priority strategic actions the council of the amazon for
combat mental climate there and breed rural and urban properties and that the
urban poverty The presence of a home affected by environmental crimes or resulting from
Village or public land exploration without authorization immediately I
I said that this I didn't know yet, but in the morning I said that this is a
fake News is a lie from the São Paulo game or a brave someone from the government
and with the entire Damares Ciel portfolio, a person who is dismissible in my view
eligible for a red card right at the beginning is the same thing with all due respect
if someone from the government here starts to say that I will send a PEC to the
congress to legalize abortion is a better card ok let's go back
here for disarmament it is a red card also there is no conversation when
and when this married man among yours already knows one of my virtues my
defect so we have a line has an agenda that the glue does not give up
of a collection like this because private property I cannot admit
nothing for itself there I understand that it is Sacred is one of the tripods of
Democracy I understand it that way, right? It’s exactly one of the tripods is the
private property You cannot live it and suddenly by any action
you lose your private property makes it clear that there is a
81 parole email exists seeing that I am 8110 2014
is that it speaks of land expropriation right For those who plant for those who cultivate
psychotropic plants without authorization or practice the exploitation of slave labor
is the problem of this PEC is not for the first round it was almost unanimously
approval in the second round of PSOL, they touched a little bit of reality,
PEC here and we already had I don't know how much deeper the people who voted
against her and you can talk gosh I'm in favor of slave work calm because
no one please slave labor but only the 20 today existed at that time
that I work analogous to slavery can also be and can be typified
as a slave, so what happens if you want to work with Cravinas there with all
respect right I know little about it helps me Major for example if you
if you have a poorly ventilated accommodation dirty bedding a lot away
not a lot in the non-regulatory regime I’m scoring in another and I only work on analysis
Bondage the point doing it will lose I'm doing because of that you have
spraying a plantation without all the equipment it will lose its
property because of this is not an excess and it is not just him the zone to pick up
reality items are 90 years old there your children and grandchildren and maybe the great-grandchildren right
who worked under the law with their parents over 60 years old will lose all that there
and now what would be the newest proposal has already been abolished here right at
beginning there is no conversation about this one
well then we already gave the answer because I got up early with a lot of people
from the countryside so looking here my social peace with this proposal of the
government that wasn’t supposed to post my none knew that there is not even
patient discussing with all respect to the council of the Amazon, right?
work but not even to discuss this conversation so I will address here with
she But I agree President threatens private property she causes
social instability and this is a government that guarantees social stability that
guarantees and strengthening the family and we can no longer live on this
type of threat in Brazil is the first is private right represents the
materialization work and talk here about urban property in your house
for example, it may be that your child has raised an animal there that you don’t even
you know that you’re being created from that evil there’s framed there in that group
distinction power suddenly someone is working you are surprised your son
uncle take that snake in there this animal and you will be fined and help
you lose yours from your house i'm passing because of us we already have law
enough to guarantee punishment for a case like this
loss of private property I think it is the absurdity of the Absurd President I
I think that a topic like this is out of any debate in this current Brazil
good but private is sacred I haven't lived before If one day the
communism socialism here as you have tried several times from there
and let's see how the people behave so I can be
talking [ __ ] of a knife the [ __ ] for me armed people are people who
it will not be enslaving so it is my arms policy in Brazil that the
banditry i already have water the good citizen is missing now so i can
fix more I need the Brazilian Congress you vote in favor of João
Victor or investigate it there I do not want to rush what can be I called
for the Federal Police as chief, right, I am not lacking in justice as well as who in the
by law the director joined Federal so I'm not interfering with anything I called
to know the progress of this issue go there obviously a collection is there in
Brasília formation That the Federal Police is in a position to carry out is
really a report, right, do an investigation to know the causes of the explosion of that
of that transformer can be several which at first is not lightning can be a
good overhead and stuff more than anything can
put it on our minds is a princess will investigate it here because a
coincidence, right? There's an upcoming election, someone may even have a political interest.
practiced some act in that sense there in the state of Amapá I hope I don't
but even Fini will now say what was the cause of the Explosion there from that one
transformer lives in front Bora look And then
and speak here quick thing here with two forces just here railroad auction
west-east I intend to bring here in the next Garcias to touch this
subject that is of utmost importance to all of us is transportation
Railway has been reactivated by our government here so this railway
west-east is known as fiol ok so we have a section that obviously doesn’t
allow you to complete this work, right? It was released by the court of
Union accounts after 12 years stopped then 12 years stopped and the text So
rocked to decide to release this stretch here of 500 and a few km long he
call over there and forget about Caetité and Ilhéus I think in Bahia here you know
name that should be in Bahia here ok then here or if it is important with
mine here at the ore outflow in Regina do Sudoeste de da
Bahia, right, to the port, right, and it also has to connect the network of the
north-south railroad was also stopped for a long time and a stretch of 1,500 km and
we’re going to pass along with Deputy Major Vitor Hugo has a
present in Goiás was signed with one with the company towards If I am not mistaken
tidy right ah the beginning of the execution of this work EA forecast to end on 22 and
now it's said that this work ends in 21 The North-South Railway that is there from
Maranhão Tocantins Goiás and São Paulo II is something there if you arrive you will
talk about it there It’s weird this is an umbrella I don’t know it’s an
marriage proposal gift I was asked in marriage President you
got it president said that before the end of his first term i would
get married and I was asked to marry by a Cacique Cacique Potoque from Xingu
I put you in the right place
putting you in the Museum of Mines and Energies and offering a paper job is not
so he cheers already has president four wives he wants me to be his wife
and think I want to know which additive to stay in the right place is
what did I say about the indigenous people to tell our people that we already
we delivered 151 thousand basic food baskets to the indigenous people at this time of invitation and
people will still deliver around 87 thousand President EA were more than 60 thousand
quilombola families too we are there at the Presidente edge making the
guarantee food for our indigenous peoples of our quilombola peoples and
I'm very happy with this milestone with this number of 151 thousand families
benefited a hundred and twenty thousand people following us on Facebook which is the
mine right YouTube mine also gives 30 thousand afterwards i drop in is with 79 thousand
more Jovem Pan News 9000 the special is passing me all can put it but that's okay
Brazil's focus 7,000 was on 2000 policy
Ah okay okay excellency 120 little cleaning Thanks a lot for the dense is
when the free election time starts My warning that I will not use the
signal from you to disclose whoever it is I'll let you know from now on
I miss you, I'm free, you guys there on this site, I hang up then you
want to keep this thank you I want to thank you here Young Pan I don’t know if
Augusto an install that he would continue giving Jackson spoke and Cacique right O
Augusto did not play that there is no such thing thank you very much Augusto Nunes for
for the confidence, right, of the transmitted, this one is just our whole lips
thursday if we get it wrong we are sure i was going to make a constructive criticism but
with intelligence not in evil because we have the extreme confidence in Jovem Pan
Augusto Nunes your your team they as a journalist the last article to take
here on the agenda of entering the door of Damares here look
on Friday at our Renaissance in Paraná,
small hydroelectric plant under the responsibility of the farmers of
region is PC HD Bedin and look what they took if I don't
mistake 20 years to get the environmental license 20 years once it got its
leave in nine months they did the pch to prevent it and it was a private group so the
she did with the BNDS resource, then, of R $ 30 million and she
serves a city of approximately 50,000 people so a small Central
hydroelectric as our own name says not central and east is small is not
very Itaipu is a small Central Although the good news also I want
today here the governor of Pará Paraná Ratinho Júnior that he said he has already
got a license for another 40 pch in the state of Paraná So if we go
stay 40 let's suppose it wasn't the same is the same power there as the 40
times 50 50 thousand here from two million That's right already two million dealt with the
Serves serves two million people I don't know the population of Curitiba doesn't have
idea here but surely two million is not Cascavel must be less than
that this Foz do Iguaçu must be the same, it helps then, bro
I don’t know Curitiba see things inhabitants have Curitiba here ok but I think
any other city in Curitiba I don't have a big one here too I doubt it
I don't think so, I would definitely go more and a city the
several small ones right look just this mine is this
and until 40 pch I would like to meet linen in Curitiba as a whole and detail I had
there with Jorge Jorge Safe I even put a nickname René Jorge tilápia Safe he’s
always doing national work throughout Brazil with regard to fish farming
and we released some I took some fingerlings the excellent one we released is
from catfish Jundiá I lived in Jundiaí Jundiaí I think I die of
interest the name of the dance you’re seeing letting go So I don’t know the size of the
Mirror of Water there but it must be in the voice of more than four here Thales and second
there Embrapa data to an accumulated the day that Thales has percent can produce
up to 10 to 15 tons and took off a year if you share the same space
of a hectare I don’t know multiply by 10 or go down then 100 to 150 tons of
tilapia per year and we are working on pure lagriidae So Ju
that you had in Paraguay It started with the right minister there in Paraguay to
do a great production this Lapa on Lake Itaipu now would not be the creation
free release would be shared and there a young man without speaking a part of the lake beyond
of tilapia feed South America todinha So look at the potential a country
that has water like ours does not, is prone to make gas PC has as in
own ch you raise fish too now you come back to us is not
o It is well in advance that Minister Bento Albuquerque things are not
easy here we are to leave the environmental legislation for gas PC rounded off we
we want to make life easier for anyone who wants to do a pch in their
energy property for him to neighborhood he can do a lot
that electricity maybe even a small industry something she
sell energy from the neighboring city So this is very good for us and us
help here everything that doesn’t know tomorrow we’ve already had problems with the shovel
with blackouts in the past we cannot take that risk here in Brazil because
We can face more great travel and much of the energy our lives
see there from the hydraulics, right from the rivers and We must take advantage of the legs and gas that
you energy and also for fish production one more thing here as well
ending here when we left my three Renaissance there We stopped in the city
Coronel Freitas Santa Catarina is there and there is nothing
Lady on the football field The people are doing very well I couldn't stay more than 30
minutes because the moon was getting dark and the helicopter that
take off take off with the luso so it was very bad passing very fast there in
when I go ahead but I thank you for the way we were treated by the population and
all our trip will always have a joke
is the brand how to make more clarification in relation to issues
that we went abroad outside Brazil is denounced that we have a
genocide during the invitation here and that we will kill millions who came first
we do not have 980 thousand Indians in Brazil and we have one imagine a region
Southeast Minas Gerais Greater São Paulo which is Greater Rio de Janeiro has more than
I need to say the following the Indians in Brazil President were never
as careful as they are now wanting to know how many indigenous people died from living together
world said it was a million we got to 480 number so EA rate
mortality and among the Indians in Brazil during the
period of coexistence and was 1.8 while in the urban area it was five
so President unfortunately we lost 480 Indians but I mean
for all of Brazil we take care of our lives is very precious
we lost 480 but it's not what they said out there that we're going to have thousands of
Indians dying in Brazil due to living together and we are continuing we
we will continue to take care of them especially making the guarantee
this today we have cured five million people the invitation now
cured like you don’t have an official remedy You don’t have a remedy with
purchase with scientific proof and we know you don’t have it but the staff has
used the hydration here I used some here a crazy There is like everyone here
everybody is everybody here is in the state here in
flock to send the herd here will have used and see my little one and have to use
Anitta also has your weird name, right? Marcos has it here
that conclusion came and we already have the proof it serves as the medicine and
now the serum also appeared but after I said there why not invest
more than you, who also invests in the cure and not only in the vaccine, the vaccine seems to
there is something weird coming up out there I’m not going to talk here to avoid
controversy that I'm politicizing the vaccine collection and cowardly saying that the
that I lived to death a person who has a video of mine an audio of mine an
my publication in that sense I pasted will give a third story in a
there’s an element from Facebook that wasn’t celebrating anything
also and much of the press went to the side that I commemorated the death of
a person who is not defined yet looks like it was suicide right now they are
trying to investigate why and it starts the spirit is usually a
history of depression the woman left him the husband left it was a series of
thing there family history often losing a job lost everything to
cause one because of the suicide, right? And then, obviously, being a suicide, there is no
nothing to do with the vaccine and proceeds may be the side effect of that of the vaccine not
it can be everything it can be so I don't know if it will reach the conclusion and it clarifies and
returns to research the crown vaccine in the case of the cow column than that of China and with
still there doing your forehead Rios is something right who will decide on the
vaccine in Brazil Ministry of Health obviously and then the certification of
Anvisa on my part with the vaccine proven by Anvisa and by
friendship of health we are going to make a purchase but it is not buying at the price
is a caboclo there who is already very worried about his mouth
Ok, the vaccine was purchased, right, so we want the spreadsheet
cost is a thirst and on my part right I know it’s not up to me that there I
I want to know if this country used the vaccine there in your country is like armament when
you manufacture the increase any part of the world the father wants to buy talks like that
that your army using this armament then you’re using it’s just that it’s good
let's go here too so let's buy it there so it's simple and in the
fifth depend on me too the vaccine will not be mandatory as far as depending on
I still say Thank you that you think there is no question called in Brazil
human rights and that we will see this vaccine in the light of human rights
that's human rights violation President here now talking about
continuing talking, invite an Indian being cared for here, president
you the list of more than two thousand and LP institutions for the elderly who are going
receive 160 million just repeat that number my ministry never has money
160 million our ministry is going straight to the shelters of
elderly for CLT is in Brazil and you can find out which ones were contemplated
there were more than 3 thousand registrations we only enabled 2105 you can find out on your
state in your city how much the institution will receive is already
receiving in that period to care for the elderly President it never happened
in Brazil the federal government sends money directly to the shelter for
example President this institution here looks over there in the city there in Mato Grosso
in Tangará Tangará da Serra 58,000 we have the institution here look at Campo
Large home institution for the elderly 169 thousand reais
then you can search for the name of the city the institution and when it is
earning now from the Federal Government to take care there in the Shelter of our elderly in
coexistence time this is human rights and the presidents and only that is
taking care of our people in São Paulo 1991 was created for the number of elderly people they
are receiving is a per capita income in
today R $ 2000 and this one enabled nine doses Eldorado will win around 20
minutes more than 37 thousand said from what i saw no i just went 2017/2018 that i
I passed by quickly I intend to make an unexpected English these want
stop there put us chat with the people I couldn't get to know the city
there was time, right, the size so it looks serious is a wheel that justifies us
this is Human Rights President an honor to deliver to you and for
talking about human rights remember this here President hug Marajó was the
all the federal government in 109 and federal government actions in art
Marajó was an incredible day he wasn’t president it was an incredible day to talk
people like me every place in Brazil that I have gone to, right, the different people with the
people go to the inaugural northeast and water we see that it is a people has a countenance
more more more rigid is a thicker skin is due to the lack of water and to be
punished by the drop the sound there is to find right in Marajó The water is left over there
has the butt of this now is also a face unlike any other
place in Brazil So Brazil is a do not say the micro but they are are regions
really different sometimes within the region itself the people also
extremely healthy friends I went there in the INSS boat and the INSS box the Bank
of Pedro, right, in the [ __ ] of the weight of Caixa Econômica lacked, enabling the
a family to receive emergency assistance we also talk
quickly with people feel a little bit of their drama
to transmit to you the way to talk if you are shy or not so much feeling
that only your photos but you are there and really Marajó was
discovery by Damares staff is easy Good afternoon Damares minister there human time
picks up the ministers and boys who preceded the brand make a
comparison make a comparison that you always do any Melissa but if
pass the thing more I usually say man already gives more gives more I think there is
apart from that presidential ministry, right? It’s from the Braga branch, Jorge’s grandson who
hasn't left there yet I think we don't have the resources
city ​​hall about next year 200 million for 8 secretariats the whole year
but I go after money in every place for example I won 100 million
President car wash and know what I'm going to do with semi-new car wash
this here folks the first inauguration people Vitória da Conquista us
the educational partner here, the president will deliver it with me and you know what for
what is it here for boys in conflict with the law president the government
previous one left us a defect of 62 units of that the prisons are like
Ministry of Justice but these units that house the boys stay with me and
we have to build in Brazil 62 and here is the first one being delivered to
by the government in Vitória da Conquista and we are going to build now in Tocantins
Goiás and Minas Gerais 100 million I got from the car wash and uncle Guedes I
I want more I need to deliver 62
attend human rights and a lot of criticism and we needed
talk a little bit about it, time is running out, right? You were quite
beaten you example during the week for having a project for
professionalize transvestites this so let there be a little bit here what happens
which is just to talk about the more with a pie there different from the president or For us
everyone is a human being for everyone it has to be like this she gets amendment
imposing if you speak a message then Victor Hugo for example has his own
his State of Goiás priorities he usually the left-wing personnel
presents a positive amendment so that the Ministry of Human Rights
purchase and she had to comply with an LGBT agenda as envisaged in the amendment we
we have to comply with the law so the option became yours and you went to the side
to professionalize Travessa speaks about prostitution and victim of violence
we will not do male we will not do seminar those caatingas remember
what we are going to do is protect this audience that now invites the President
are starving are sick So we are going to give courses for this
transvestite population to become professional in order to enter the market in the
work and so the call notice that is open with whom institution can apply
enable to give the course to transvestites so here Guys this is the
our Ministry's role to protect everyone and they are everyone's country and the president speaks
that no one will be left behind now the parliamentarian puts it I'm obliged by and
President if I don't comply don't Execute the parliamentary amendment has a
parliamentary here it is imposing I answer for crime of responsibility
I have to comply with the amendment that the parliamentarian sends to the ministry
I was upset because the person even more
Ah ok If it weren't, I wouldn't be in this ministry and working with budgets
minutes any minister likes to work with a bigger budget he has
more things to offer for everyone so really only 200 million for all
politics is very little now also comes money from parliamentary and as
comes to the LGBT community and the policy is hers as I see it in front of
best possible policy looks public because it takes professionalizing on the street to
people nobody wants to see anyone on the street, right? It's the life of the transvestite, it's also on the street
a long time in a short time he has no life anymore he will be a person
there who will be affected by the most varied problems possible and is a person
that he will not be a human being his Fullness cannot Damásio polished and
professionalized understand Thanks to President just to inform you that we
takes care of everybody we take care of your child
and 779 vehicles for guardianship councils in Brazil in less than two years I want
reach five thousand by the end of the first term the president we are taking care of
our children Those are our words LGBT women and elderly women
this is our fault and lastly President o President receiving this
Fazenda da Esperança week, therapeutic communities do not stay in the
my ministry I stay in citizenship but the Bolsonaro Government is investing 150
million reais in therapeutic communities in Brazil President this
it never happened before we are welcoming drug addicts with
quality and at this moment that the vice-president type Fazenda da
Esperança other times the clothes here were made at Fazenda Esperança Today I
I got clothes Michele got a beautiful outfit, it's also Guaratinguetá and she has
several places in Brazil So, and congratulations to the therapeutic communities
in Brazil during this period of coexistence they sheltered homeless people Presidente
for us so as soon as God bless the Fazenda da Esperança may God bless
all therapeutic communities in Brazil i am a little one likes to
biscuit here the cookie right the pretended work of the Federal Police is right
the light stuff is not going to be a wooden cookie Look at you there that many
is sometimes criticizes the government on the environmental issue pay attention you know what
is reception a guy steals or steals something a third party buys in that
even this is the third person at the reception something this The theme is this
will be framed in the crime of reception when it comes to wood from the
Brazil to Brazil deforest right the good Saudades Marta right the bolsonaro captain
chainsaw deforest that the federal police did she took the DNA and the various
wood in Brazil that wood that the scientific name
writing the scientific name here I have 16 cookies but there are 16 more
Bosque but there is more and the scientific name I will say here no scientific name
that even I would have difficulty making pronouncements, but come in here Maçaranduba
Angelim ferro cedrinho Angelim Cambará cupiúba Cumaru Jatobá sandromar IP between
others then what the police are doing and arrives at the port where the legal wood is
being exported Ah ok
well then what happens given the DNA the police don't know where that came from
an area that is an indigenous reserve is sold, which cannot be done
management right felling trees to export legally PF finds out
look at this wood, it’s not even hot, but it came in mesh and it’s not going to be
transported to will not be unbearable now detail does not want more
important now on top of the DNA that was the work done over time we
we know each wood has to be there was this one for example here Send a
udder chevrole is going to France Belgium and England Portugal Denmark
Italy and so each cookie here is discovered where it’s going to be made So this is
many countries did not ask and you know which countries most
competitive right and it's all documented now here so it seems that it doesn't
felt that the sun in fact the receivers of you can speak ah but the
invoice is cool I think she knows it's not cool I think she knows
have a terrible care any little thing wow in here now when
interest to them do Vista grossa never wants to know if you are listening to place
that is allowed or not and they always criticize us so let's put a point
export of wood with DNA defined by the Federal Police for
countries whatever they were if you have a contract something upside down
exists but it doesn’t have that much wood to be exported so it won’t be
exported and this country will now have to become aware ok
collaborating with us so that wood removed from the area that is not allowed to
deforestation some help in this had been helping not to deforest
the region of Brazil is explained no but I will explain next week yes
get ready for next week so I hope you can see with the police
here and explain in more detail and this collection for you here
let's stop saying that bolsonaro has a killer he is the enemy of the environment
I'm here together Gilson Fernando Noronha how many inspectors do you have me
saw him making arrangements I talked to you no it doesn’t stay there it won’t 50 Look
the size of Brazil I don’t know how much in total 50 on the island I think the
enough for the size of the Island now we have to put help we are no longer
It is
and it’s transparent here it’s quiet game let Gilson say it’s good to
They are out and good to talk to, we will also pass security Damares Damares When
the answers is the answer gave me my short answer but which one was from us has to
to apologize here, guys from Jovem Pan and I intend not to enter the
discussion of the answer but any answer is a very sensitive topic gave
by Jovem Pan I know that there will be no problem now other broadcasters we are
listening here and any word that you see this one will be ok we will
have a problem so come on come on I can help you here arresting ask yourself
who wants Augusto Nunes
Hi good night president 'good night minister Damares minister uses lawyers
of perpetrators of passionate crimes continue to invoke as an argument of
defense of such a legitimate defense of honor what do you think of it Look at this
this happens with a lawyer Certainly the judiciary does not accept more is no longer
the country of the colonels here this is a country that applies justice and justice to
everyone is absurd we still see the defense wanting to say that the man killed in
legitimate honor of the Defense it doesn’t exist anymore this argument doesn’t stick to the
Brazilian judiciary I had a lot around, right, couples, one that is although the other is not
want to leave usually happens to the when usually the most woman wants to go
and the man doesn’t want to leave she wants to leave for some reason and neither
want to know the reason we are down very quickly for the wedding I'm in
its what happened i'm at the second wedding
establish a stable union these two marriages there and many times a man
by the use of force, you know, and it makes a freak out there, commits a crime
and then there is talk that the man did that because the woman did what he did not
should do and he did that will update of self-defense not if
justifies resolving Our inadmissible the other question he ministers Damares
some schools are adopting what they are calling gender neutrality
if some language adaptations changes recently a college circular
French-Brazilian government recommending, for example, the use of quires students as the
lady has seen this trend minister thank you so wanting to do
an orthographic reform without talking to Brazil this is a joke is
clowning that knows how we are going to fight prejudice
discrimination is with human rights education of
we are doing this story of changing words in Brazil she is the how
a great clowning good to think straight about it let's think and not
this is how the nation imposes itself to fight prejudice President I am
thus getting more and more horrified by the quality of the schools that were
famous schools embarking on this to destroy our language bringing
words like that about the program your countries like South Korea that hadn't
almost nothing, right, Japan with seismological problems as varied as possible,
Israel that has nothing Read ok but look at the attention they gave to education in this
country one day he arrives and I gave you China the presence I am not mistaken sometimes helps
more than half of the patents two fingers the parts of the world in China hence the
people complain about you selling everything to China for who has to
live better and the world is investing more
education that doesn’t invest in itself having partners that stays there indoctrinating that
Talissa but she with a future This girl isn't doing anything [ __ ] doesn't know
a functional illiterate will come out will do what life will be will not be
today not even for you how is it going to be like the society how is it going to be
a citizen its fullness does not care What kind of [ __ ] he will go down
he has an idea 12 years or you will know which is the right century
vila14 that in addition to clowning is a crime with our people what does this
people do and fight it in the past and I discovered the gay kit 'A
It's not the gay's fault it's the guy I choose so What is it to be gay
nobody has anything to do with it he'll be happy in his own way and we obviously
right I can't go back Our police to make it official as a matter of
gender think that her person is better than the other one everybody my daughter
10 years old she can be a girl I am 13 14 years old one for the tip of
Pô beach has no place what country is this I just talked about two times
patents are with China and where do you sell from the more you get
this through study and is indoctrinating the kids on top of that
got it bulhufas don't know anything the illiterate then daycare is struggling
because income sharing doesn't produce anything and you want to share income and we know that
socialist communism in his banner is to divide the income only after that says
is what PSOL managed to build has nothing more to share will live
everyone in misery is it here in Brazil so this traditional school
if i have a son there i take my son there is the same as can do school
place you learn Portuguese mathematical chemistry physics etc and don't stay
learning this nonsense does not have a photograph of the Colégio Pedro According to the
teacher he goes out the barbadão he goes back to the end of the beach Pô Essa kids
that will sustain in old age, it is useless for me to retire as Deputy 30
thousand a month or how many who retire with 30 thousand a month of service
I went to the front, Brazil does not generate wealth wealth it will not have to
pay these guys, everyone's on the banana So this thing, love
it is unacceptable, this school should be preached at least because the school has to do
for school to admit right, but it is good to measure the teacher and the parents to take the child out of
your school is not changing words that we are going to send Brazil to no one
with repetitive actions what we are doing in the ministry welcoming
transvestites inserting them in the job market and this is a public policy of
inclusion but they changed a word I imagine yours entering a meeting of ministers and
saying good afternoon ministries will turn what will change what in Brazil does not change
nothing we have to change if we have prejudice discrimination with policies
public and with education is not changing words not
just one more question he is sad about what happens in Brazil is not
sad and sees that it sucks How is this reserve she a lot in Brazil
Still don't call prejudiced I want the whole father to want the child
be better than him and this is not the way the child will be better than yours
father i send to my my Armed Forces is common the only common but let
many cases that the colonel the genre is a corporal's son is made up of sergeant the
special picture is the end of the Aeronautics sub-official there is that I'm not
disparaging the square, right, but the square, the sub cable with a son that I'm in a
academy he wants it he wants it I did revealed it and so it is that it has
to be and it’s not like that, seeing it I don’t know if the Portuguese has changed
to follow everything but the guy starts the clown good morning everyone and not all of you
exists and it's good morning everyone
and it starts with the clowning of this to everyone
Oh and who for example do not want another question to him
the coast on the ex-president Good night minister
beauty by the Public Ministry of Santa Catarina presents a proposal for
amendment of the Code of Criminal Procedure to prevent abuses or
constraints in court hearings in cases of sexual violence yesterday the
attorney general went to Brasilia and informed that he had met with the
and got support to promote these changes the Estopim of it all was
the case of Mariana Ferrer a young woman who claims to have been raped in which
during the hearing He claims to have been embarrassed by some questions and
comments made I wanted to know from you if that's right, your support
these changes and because what exactly changes with the proposal is because the support
of the Ministry of family women and human rights side good night the beginning
good night president 'we support and the bolsonaro government has a proposal
similar in that the woman is heard only once and this testimony
of it is recorded and they are resolved the only time
the violence report she goes to the police station to give a statement after the
After the Public Prosecutor's Office the other hearing at the
times the woman even says the same thing eight times she suffers eight times
different then the bolsonaro government has already submitted a proposal is already in
Congressional procedure to ensure that this woman is protected when it comes to being
heard and here President allow me to say one thing what happened at that
case we will not go into the merits of the case but the attitude of that lawyer we
we fail and that is not common in the judiciary the judiciary it is welcoming
our judges and prosecutors are welcoming it doesn't happen that every
days the judiciary not then women who happened to President when I live that
alive many women are failing to report for fear of that happening
with them in the hearings that it doesn’t happen in the hearings that he is a
exception of what happens on a daily basis in the judiciary, continue to denounce
the Government is here and we agree with the proposal of the Public Ministry of Santa
Catarina that the woman has to be at the time of speaking protected and no more
answer is very heavy Augusto Nunes his colleagues
from Jovem Pan is my conversation here my accountability today
is sincere now and i'm going to enter here until i asked there is no more question
I'll change the subject later
Zé Maria and that's it save President very good
night good night minister Damares minister the data indicate that misery
in Brazil it decreases a lot, the data indicate that, as a result of the average salary
Initial But also from the government's own policies I wanted to ask the
next now trust the Residential Minister salary your ministry
is preparing a new way to supply these people who are in difficulty
still due to the pandemic and if the possibility of such a second wave that
speak out there we have a prediction that we will have many women
unemployed and we are already working with entrepreneurship we
we will reinforce all actions that lead women to entrepreneurship and also
young people we have a survey that says that more than wheat almost thirty percent
percent of young people do not want to go back to school they want to work so we
we are going to be the very big number Oi young people in search of jobs in
the next few days and we are working we are also dancing now calls for proposals with
our Youth program with an attitude seeking entrepreneurship we have a
new word now also President one year entrepreneurship the woman who sells
cake she is not really interested she is a non-entrepreneur the boy who sells
popsicle bag that sells ice cream he is a human entrepreneur So we will
working in Brazil with this concept, young people who have only one computer and who
know how to edit video he is not the only entrepreneur he is a entrepreneur year so
we will work motivating our young people to entrepreneurship because
at first we will not have so many jobs but we can here for sure the
entrepreneurship is the promotion of entrepreneurship as an outlet for
this moment of crisis that we are going through and that I believe that Brazil
will be right soon if God wants 10
at least nine that's right solved look guys i'm talking here i entered the
I went to the military's house for an army contest I stayed 15 years leaving
outside being a politician where I learned this history of damage for example
You can speak for great things great things but will you catch the
mulecada and 9th grade and say boot on paper there
what is the damage Does he know this is what he knows that Anderson is the
the boy's first father takes so calling at that moment that I learned the acid
deoxyribonucleic at the Eldorado Paulista gym with the teacher
Jackson doctor there discovered at that time the so-called DNA in the 70s then
esteem in the instruction is of quality and my teachers were not teachers
engine since he was a doctor ok or so to consume zaneide already passed away that the
professor Honória de Campinas I remember this one in the friendly and they were people
rarely I was not for person usually he people within the
coletoria is from Caixa Econômica Federal he worked at the post office He is
agronomist who was very common at that time has a small town these
people who taught classes for work they had exercise
authorities i remember very well i was there my 14 years old got scolded in
classroom I was terribly ashamed ok I don't remember what
it was a scolding from the teacher she was Paulo gullo is not
very well at the agronomist I scolded him and from that moment
something moved me but although the mouth, right? Then you find a mess like it is today
up to date it was not something that I did not do my homework I didn’t submit to a job
suitable for him, right and I got scolded by him, Geraldo's son, my father, right
a scolding there in my similar classroom The thirteen students just
if you already know very little but there i started to worry about myself and
tell you everybody you play has a huge capacity inside you i
studied at the Municipal Library of Eldorado do paulista rarely anyone in the
library and studied because just like that the encyclopedia is enough nowadays you get
your phone and a few seconds right via the internet you have a lot of stuff
ahead is a proprietary map in front of you the color has everything What is the distance
from here to such a municipality is everything is forward so you can learn from
way easier than I am I remember that one of the most popular books
important that I call should have a 30 page test system maybe I
say a squeeze there then look and for example one does not speak housewife
right, because you can only find a housewife I used to do, I'm going to make lunch today I
I start the piglet button in the oven or putting water on the stove to make the rice
you start buying the machine starting with the voice doesn’t have a piglet
it takes 6 hours to pass the rice an hour we are all for an hour so you
start with the rice you will finish the food and more than 8 hours you put the
Piglet of you have a space of eight hours to make the rice we tooth
giving me a cooking class so ashamed that it was mommy I will I
I will I will I will go there I will go to and nothing more not to end this
this football court video likes to touch I think it's
flamenguista I think the new Palmeirense is playing for me So guys
tell you young man you have enormous potential you have a world in front of you the
that will lift you out of misery will not be the price of the Republic the governor the
mayor the councilman Senator Deputy are you who will get out of the hole the more
the people expect something from the State but it locks its own hole the State has
to exist for basic things So if the state spends me the rest on you
for you to get something it will rip 2000 from you this is how I
snap and this state that tries to change so you take it here i have a
young man everything in front of me Deputy of Goiás you know how many schools
militarized in Goiás but it’s not Ah ok
67 thousand children started is already more than 10 years old 90 I am 22 years old started
that of schools in any exam that you get huge approval I don’t know
how are you there first is the first in the first one Goiás must have several too
the state of Amazonas has been doing for a while I don’t know if this is all this topic
amazona does has been in a school twice in the state of Amazonas
the kids inside the continence form calls the teacher is not from
Aunt Nossa Senhora I saw it there when it was time to leave, right?
immediate immediate verification makes the queue at the front the teacher speaks accordingly
with age the school Oi and the year right 118 118d you there the kid
it's back to the end of the queue and I saw something like that
and I you when kid is Rua three four times are out there mom caught
by the ears he goes away put the one who abuses violence against children the
guy educates doubt taking you want who Duca daughter father and mother do not meddle
in this collection, he’s doing it well for his son, not to be a guy
without profession Unemployed and who knows, giving work and expense by the state union
and the municipality in the future has a function, every place has to have discipline if not
you do not work and you young have how to be a great person in the future if
you dedicate yourself now, that is, if you have to be part of your life for the
studies you will have a healthy life ahead you will have assets to find a
beautiful compatible girlfriend or boyfriend will enjoy vacation places
better you stay relaxing now stay in there I don't know if you boy
a girl and you will be a bastard in the future
p **** will be a bastard but popcorn in the future one more question no two
you warn that Augusto Augusto warning you will start now the
JB's free electoral schedule has already been judicialized I will not speak on the
mannequin next week I speak a name, right, it has already been judicialized by deputies and
parties so I don't have is my schedule it's just free guys send the
Lula campaigning for his candidates ok send the dollar to campaign for
your candidates that everyone is running now don't put your face on
right I campaign for those who like to do it for thousands of people but
I am not able to make coffee to drink so much that some right
asking for some possession of this councilwoman here in this councilor if it is
possible have in doubt this mayor this is what i want put now you want
come back we will not fight because of that now I have
a little police have an experience on behalf of the 32 years of public life in
saw there looking for gives a chance so I think it has everything to be a partner is
direct and to make a the government some some of those 40 50 that i talked about can
stepping on the ball cannot, but you can be sure that we will be much smaller than
that some candidates not all that we have excellence 'date from Brazil that
keeps selling a saint image for you here, the councilman says that
will do this here your do does nothing who does is the mayor the governor
it's the president who has the key to the safe, right? These people, the work they have to do
do the inspection we needed the project i'm going to do good project no
demanding nothing in return this is the job of making the afternoon
and you answer that is it then I don't forget you who think that you don't appreciate it
this election right I went to see the pain vote for your present some audience speak
had put it better he would not have been elected councilor I will go there I don't know
represents the day you may have to think like that no problem no but 57
millions of people think differently and acceptance that I have anywhere
from Brazil how many times do I tell anyone who's on my side what did I do to
deserve this see some for this I am did not did not stole not
cheated did not lie conversation has a frank conversation with voters ok E
what is done is spontaneous that knowing a while ago is from São Paulo man ok
Sabrina's colleague that he needed to be popular and went to a pastry shop to
bite the pastry Bite 50 pastels did not work
Oh no Again there was no way now if it was for love he gave the lollipop he
there could be a good one No problem with the masterpiece
name of the guy São Paulo must have 16 thousand candidates São Paulo by tomorrow has
Lollipop that is from that little square like that Zorro Zorra is not a game looks like a guy
of her you can lollipop is not the one with the hard ball of Sugar
today is your day of burnt sugar is the one in black for this one was
denture or tooth right then things do not enter portability an order the pastel
Send one now for lollipop It’s not with me it doesn’t work there my friends
sorry here is the informality person can talk I altitude laziness a
president or please I will not change my husband said to try to go be
friend of everyone I really want is with sincerity and truthfully seek to do
good to the 210 million people Brazil I know who this is impossible but
let's try to make it a little more child has a lot of candidate
when you're not talking about a child, let's vote on who protects the child, hang up there
let's start look who doesn't want to watch me until the end
So good then I always learn the first
Gilson from the accordion here from Pernambuco here quickly Gilson me
passes changing her name come on then go away it takes a long time there
your candidate quickly that my candidate for mayor Recife who wants to
Patrícia Domingos the number 19 and even today a publication came out if I
I was sorry to have supported you, we go there the first time
great chance to change the direction our city a delegate here is notorious for
notorious and tolerance for corruption, right and now aligned with the federal government
people are going to do the biggest management in history in the city of Recife the government
who works tirelessly tolerance day after day
the option our government has many delivery government this week maybe I don't even
know this week minister Rogério he released the water from the
Muquém reservoir for the perennial Juá dam used practically
72 km from the river of the ship's stream an unscheduled delivery from our government
and that there was no major media is placed, you know, look at Rogério's MDF
has more than 10,000 works in Brazil, mostly in the Northeast and
of these a considerable part for water many works are being concluded
started back there and stayed on the way and are being completed now
ok so I said wrong since Saturday the powerful and how much they live together
with the worst of nightmares that is the delegate Patrícia who climbing the
research and becoming a real Player did flower several measures including
Doctor 45 politicians in the chair President So that's it
candidate for councilor there in Recife to Recife home we have
eight candidates to talk about one Now everyone is going to stay with you, we already
spoke the eights the eights so let's deal with time to leave from left to
home not right a little bit right every time I just wanted to finish a sentence that you
our greatest asset, our environment, spoke here and Brazil has 851 million
square kilometers eight thousand Rio Grande do Norte the indigenous area we
we have a million 163 million squares 14 percent our territory so in
urban area in cities we have eighty percent of the population living
in 63 percent of our territory 160 million people live in just 63
percent of the territory 7.6 percent of that of our territory is used for the
agribusiness and livestock farming in washing them doesn’t have a little bit more
right here it's here according to nasa 7 agriculture or just agriculture
the other program Something more but anyway I mean the following our biggest
problem is Urban Environmental Control is what says me doing the posts Gilson
big hug and a show there thank you very much it’s not from Gilson it’s not then
President Kennedy blessed Tana in the comments on my page here at
Patrícia in the debate, talking about how to get to know Recife, which is only for
you are not from Recife so i was elected in rio several times the paulista that you are
difficult you have no sense of anything Brazilian to see then you always want
disqualify people as if the people there in Recife everybody was
let's say so only he can be a candidate something has nothing
to call more was not from Recife to Ceará, then the one who elected on the side is then
the delegate to Patrícia running for mayor in Recife if God wants not to
I live in possession but she elected I show up there in January to greet or else
so second round President without the second round we are going to go down on the field there
Gilson thank you I'm a big hug sit I don't need everything to stay button
Eduardo Eduardo is going to present for the first time there, chuchu and
quick not a man has to be quick has a lot of space for not
I see an ugly guy as hell Nossa Senhora
ugly ugly ugly calling here Chuchu back here you think beautiful the
roll tomorrow your mom already knows his wife if you wear glasses he was my advisor
right civil police EA candidate in São Bernardo do Campo with 28,000 thanks to
the opportunity just to thank God thank you power is here
through the responsibilities two very totally even alderman the
huge responsibility that a lot of people depend on what you get back in bed the
points so we’re going to do a live too but Chuchu 28.000 São Bernardo
do Campo look at chow-chow presents sonar there I have known since the time she
was my intern at the Federal Police does not yet have a life story that the
the left hates it, right, she's black from the Northeast, she went to São Paulo to study two
huh I'm not going over it so you can
alone how's the groom calling you then calls me love every man calls only
of lunch I take care he has no way to escape that just for you you
going to have a wedding because there is no use elections is waiting for you to win
to get married, the guarantee, you know, he doesn't escape me any more. When are you going here?
same is your wedding after the elections after the elections one on
of the second round go crazy where is São Paulo going to be, not São Paulo you are going to
invite me you the quality of his football he is corinthian I also that the
Corinthians plays Saturday now or Saturday
the candidate for councilor for São Paulo capital 10120 person known to my
my son is also a long time will be my rock in São Paulo
my route and I'll get another one I'll be right back for somebody else
more good luck then we wait here until Saturday to do this Live here ask for a vote
for you to also say that there are many good candidates for councilor in São Paulo
she just isn't comfortable, obviously they will be comfortable, but whoever
has undecided asks for vote to call Fernandes 10/120 can call more
someone to São Paulo you are and don't call me i will tell you that now
here wasn’t there yet another box from São Paulo here it’s me I divided it’s mine
vote and bolsonaro and with the clause here that of light also know some
time a person who really has a life story right that only she can
to tell and her past life has everything to be an excellent
city ​​councilor in São Paulo I wait here I ask friends São Paulo also who comes
indecisive, you know, it's more ahead on the social network I don't know on social networks Send it very well
on share TV and Claudia and Lucas also if you have a couple
back we ask for the vote for the house on the street here it is more more important is
that both arrive if I'm not mistaken there are 55 city councilors in São Paulo and these two
people will really be proud the municipality can be sure and we will do
a work Independent of mayor than Akira may not be
that seduce her for her purposes there will be no sound i will present a job
exempt and inspection as I have for example with Gil that the state deputy
time Frederico d'Ávila also has the MEC is the dark one the dark one
there from gas and Valéria bolsonaro is also doing exceptional work there
Valéria also the thing of Valéria bolsonaro she is married to a cousin
far away from Campinas to that even I didn't know her during her campaign
a little bit of the campaign is but someone aside to talk to you here
In order not to commit injustice, America must also be started in the direction of
end of the state There are a lot of good people there, all right and I hope the specs come back
national or Cloud Lucas in Sorocaba has Haiti also supported by the doctor
Vinícius Tamo together we have two stay out get here our
Major saw your number, my colleague from the Military Academy of Agulhas Negras
federal deputy for the State of Goiás was leader of the government for some time ok
Now it obviously still doesn’t help us much in the National Congress and
not to speak of candidacy for mayor not to speak only for councilman has
how many have how many candidate for councilman trails or the sort of Which municipalities
of Goiânia and western city surface you are supporting and I also ask for the vote in
your name here come on that first is Marcelo Conrado he is
the agronomist is an advocate of the family there, he certainly indicates his number is
28444 and a very good name is the name there for councilman for Goiânia your game here
watchman assume 10038 represents the watchmen in Goiânia is the president
of the guards and gatekeepers association are more than 30 degrees in the world only and sized
gun etc. and depends on Parliament a person criticizes me I have my
limit what i can do by decree ministerial decree was instruction
normative of secretary who does is how we help we help we did
justice largely with the crackers the watchmen also don't understand store
some proof, right? I'm a gun bearer, but if you have
in the future The rottweiler To add good boy for today
Goiânia is going to take Rodolfo Souza, a military policeman, who owns a cram school, defends
military schools education and security and has the support of the blind and association of
lieutenants and sergeants of the PM and firefighters of Goiás Exceptional valley
17/190 Rodolfo Torres then Goiânia and a very important western city here
for us because of the surroundings of Brasilia Army air lieutenant
smart know more Macapá sing spiranthes ie 20 years ago
exceptional Devanir 28007 is 007 around Brasilia take i'm going to ask
for you to give a strength to the candidate here has the number from there state of Mato
Grosso has a single election and a Senate ticket has been forfeited and opening the
elephant so to fill this one this course there so we have here a
colonel of the Military Police in Mato Grosso Fernanda she is evangelical
also the alternate her first alternate Victório Galli was my colleague
federal deputy for a long time here in Brasilia so I ask you and from Mato
Thick and special that he's undecided, right, that he returns on Colonel Fernanda 511 to the
Senate will vote for councilman after Mayor third place is the 511 only has
when she is Fernanda then he asks you there special who is undecided
vaginal I also say has good senate candidate Nobody is trying to steal the
nobody's photo but if you are undecided or not very decided yet I
I ask your vote for Colonel Fernanda And now
and it looks beautiful it’s trying to believe in research a lot right Search
we felt on the street but there’s a left party, it’s Italy
third second third place and we know that asking for guaranteeing your
freedom free democracy free free market regarding that classroom
respects the family cannot be if left-wing personnel then Colonel
Fernando here from the Military Police also evangelical Will be a person of mine
exceptional right understanding case Senator beer by the State of Mato Grosso in the
vigorous state in agribusiness she also works in this area will work in this
area along with the other parliamentarians is not looking for a
Fernanda Mato Grosso to the Senate in 511 one more thing about this
one more look here she comes here comes each we are here we are here after
so the brand’s campaigning for a candidacy for her here with Morgana
friend friend wow this dear lady in Cabedelo in Paraíba we are
asking for her vote for mayor mayor died which is little thing not
PMDB number 15 hair a hair person I had there in the pre campaign helped to
exceptional person a And then who could charge one charged the
guaraná Jesus this group is at least one guaraná Jesus this group right oh tomorrow
you don't reach a box now Jesus of each candidate here has no more
free advertising not that I got hooked on Guarana I got hooked on
guaraná Jesus're BH Belo Horizonte had the accounts with me here Bruno engler
candidate for mayor for 10 before you saw him here yesterday right a person
educated, full of desire and has a great future ahead, you have everything to be
If it is perfect it is difficult anywhere difficult to elect Mayor I do not
I can do the campaign here that they deserve it is not the fault of the campaign
campaign will take a walk to have a motorcade participate in debates and
rally and we just stayed here is in our environment that my house here right
I use this house here as if it were mine, so here I work
I receive people I make mine mine my lives etc have all the freedom
here as you have in your house to do this type of work here so if it is
possible guys let's vote for blueng i'll even make an appeal for let's
believe in the kid here the each the municipality does not have someone candidate for
re-election that has to do say what he did over those four years saw
that he did throughout this pandemic that if this virus has you have a
second wave it will do the same thing you want it closes the trade all of
new thing that here is the school issue is dealt with
same way you want some places not written right more
respective chief of the executive banned hydroxychloroquine without presenting
alternative you want me to repeat all that you have heard some municipalities
from Brazil the woman being handcuffed in a public square others there being also
company comes to the beach in a bikini the governor ordered his Military Police
the mayor sending his municipal guard over the people and it will last until
when this this look down this confinement even when you want it
keep doing it in your city you don’t want it You have the option BH has
option the rule Bruno because the Lord comes back will tell your life do you think
no longer lies the vote for councilor defend your life many times a
important thing is to decide by a vote in the City Council so it is important to
choose the yo-yo in the case the mayor who comes to the
election anywhere in Brazil you just see what happened during the
pandemic which is to repeat is black look what he did the name four years is gone
well vote for him you didn't go Let's try something else don't stay the same
BH Belo Horizonte Blue Ranger 28 mayor
in Manaus and the same appeal that I make here a colonel Menezes to know the
a long time he is 10 years younger than me I met Rezende studying at
Military Academy of Agulhas Negras had in front of the Manaus Free Trade Zone now
did an excellent job and now I am running for the city hall of Manaus and has
everything for Manaus there will be a second round Okay and I wait for you here
Colonel I deserve to be one of those who disputed the second round in Manaus
you can be sure that it will be a very different policy that served
for decades a committed A series person is respected
smart is my colleague in uniform and doesn't even have to talk, right, our contact there
our relationship is 100 percent so Manaus to play two Manaus colleague Menezes
51 mayor and quickly here everybody everybody
know because I am a politician with a lot of experience, right? Celso Russomanno in São
Paulo mayor of São Paulo lieutenant of the Aeronautics reserve was the captain of the
army is just can give a strength there I think it is
I think it’s not for the good of the municipality, it’s not for my good or for
his good is for the good of the municipality is the municipality the mayor who will work
for the municipality and not to get good Electoral Governor's the same thing
speak now here São Paulo there were barbarities Mayor ordered to weld
doors is that metal runs the guy can’t open his trade for anything nor
to get in there you want to continue I can only treat you that way when
end the municipal election is this current mayor to go back to talk to the
governor asking for times talking around is because there is a very rejection
large and did not see the governor make the mayor campaigning for the current
mayor of São Paulo So look at your analysis In my case I'm asking
vote here works it works let's not fight because of that behind what your
Paulista too and I love it for my and my first state with my
capital Crivella descends from Rio de Janeiro was also a senator for a long time
know he was a good job and conditioner
the and now contests a difficult re-election for him yes we know it's hard caught
a city full of problems did what was possible and had four
years a big television network hitting him and almost 24 hours a
Day São Paulo Crivella 10 mayor and I was wrong yesterday Look at what I said here
here I will each mind the different state, we have Júlia Zanatta candidate for
mayor by Criciúma Santa Catarina Oi Júlia Zanatta 22 Santa Catarina
Santos, this one I already met in person I talked to a few times
not only in Brasilia we go with me there in Guarujá our dear Sartori
candidate for mayor by Santos Santos is also
and there should be a second round we would like the sartorio to go to the
second round because it’s going right Zero the game goes back to zero and there’s a good time in
televisions two candidates will be able to better present their platform to
conquer him the voters of Santos and in the more I am sure that by his if
I spend your life on the side of the law, and having your vote, I have the sentence
embargoer things also for special for Public Security people
as Carandiru case in São Paulo you will see that Santos is going to improve with
all sure then sartorio 55 Santos we weighed in from Captain Wagner's
Fortaleza is known to everyone until it is a lot of courage to run for the City Hall of
Fortaleza Because you have a family, right, that dominates for local politics is not
only in Sobral has a large part a dominance
and in Fortaleza and we can experience the different and better in Fortaleza the
Captain Wagner 90 capital of our glorious military police is a great
asked in the middle to understand for the City of Fortaleza good luck Wagner
it’s possible there people is a force here we see the last one inside the make
campaign is O heavy evil Santa de Parnaíba Piauí show a hug
watch you often speaking in the senate type a few times in your
cities you’re doing a big irrigation project there in Parnaíba I
I don't know that it will compete with that one with Petrolina
Adding up with Petrolina in the export of fruit from Brazil makes Santa good luck there
if god willing you are relief now let's go here to councilmen quickly
here I have no way to talk about everyone
sorry i didn't see you anymore everybody better talk about some that i do
no one now these people here can for example if he has come back to help
choose another one in the legend Ah so I'm sorry don't be my enemy because
this excellence that the dates for Brazil in each municipality must have good
candidates I'm going to name some names here you will for sure if you have a
better name your emotion candidates from the municipality to Taciana here Muniz João
Pessoa Paraíba the 51999 Taciana love that
in Boa Vista Roraima Denilson bolsonaro I authorized the use of my name
God I affectionately call macuxi This is my legitimate candidate
only candidate there by motto I know there some decades he in your family
I also have this one I put my hand on the fire I'm sure it will make a good
Boa Vista if you are elected Councilman if you are from Boa Vista and
understand it right that way then Deilson 10/180 to take him to the capital of
Roraima Boa Vista here in BH Nicolas Ferreira 28,000 double black fish leaves
double Nicolas Ferreira boy to extremely polite and luggage
very big cultural event if God wants it will be elected and will give a good return for
city ​​hall of É de BH together with Mayor Bruno
Henrique this one friend is a cousin of the Amazon our you you there
And as nicipio that the ones here gave me his burnt You are from Burnt there that
put it is not a [ __ ] give it to his cousin Luís Costa o He said that
is his real cousin and will follow the line then he is Hélio's candidate
to burn Luís Costa 77333 ending up there in Angra dos Reis we have
endorsement or author actors and using my name also a great wrongdoer is for
part of Folha de São Paulo lying all the time about it ok i already explained
here the subject in previous stores Angra dos Reis staff Teu Sol de São
Gonçalo gonçalinho is Perequê historic village of Mambucaba I promise If she
have a good vote in life and leave Mambucaba I don't know about my special
want me to go there but i'm going to see my house i have a house in life does
Mambucaba there people know it is a newspaper says it will 10 million
never takes and her daughter already sings hidden not
it is not there yet in life it was an end that there must be in the 200
Real estate over there is just a humble hardworking person Great for work in the
plant on the electronuclear there on the side endorsement being councilwoman Leandra will give a good
return to beans ok too Val started to be a hug Denilson
and rubenita Lessa Teresina Piauí Teresina Piauí rubenita is not with me
a long time also responsible for organizing the right movement is in the
northeast good luck when he is Lessa Teresina Teresina Piauí councilor 1700 is
put the number 007 in there, right? Is she from 007 Sobral Jeová Júnior 17321?
fish from deputy André Fernandes and delegate Cavalcante too
Jeová Júnior is at 732 a Sobral is arriving there Fortaleza
Hi Alex Ceará I already talked about him here 20/120 good luck Alex will I be from
Fortaleza an option here staying here helped me the past world did the first
manifestation of the port you are not mistaken it was 2016 I'm calling 2015 it was done
there with Alexa there and got a fever in Brazil all right injured art Fortaleza
also 19038 from right-wing groups within Fortaleza he Duarte 19038 the last
missing but the last one to have this one I am suspicious to speak right Carlos bolsonaro
10/120 Rio de Janeiro the strength of the world of marketers mine
a cell phone a surfboard often the fly swatter in a jar
made the campaign for free, we defeated people who spent dozens
of millions with marketers and we are elected here You sent his work
if you are happy with me obviously right and this is from the capital of Rio de Janeiro this
person that I have gratitude for, for having made this campaign for me
of social networks and we have spread it all over Brazil so that we see in
subtitles President of the Republic a bolsonaro case 10/120 gives a personal boost
this one thanks a lot of obviously I'm not very happy if my son is elected
there in Rio de Janeiro someone just wants to say something I'm going to say something
then you want to show up here to know that I'm going to sleep you will see that
brave huh dude look at the little video here i'm going to start a little bit i'm going to sleep
here look And you are from where I am from Fortaleza to
plague goat no big headed thing wrong there no no no calm
I don't know his name is Matheus the nickname of the spolu ever without his authorization
since he said that the joke would appear, right, a loving nickname to
background Zinho because he is tiny is a person who helps us a lot here is
there is one who works with me has multiple missions is not a mission does not have much
mission I usually say right and if you know something that will not
to work it out you have to reach me immediately speak that after that
happened I don't want to talk to you anymore so I give this freedom and more
important are aware of their job responsibility in that way
so that counted the certainty also reflects the friendship we have EA
Freedom Are age called that way I've been achieving since 2012
I need to say that I didn't even know it existed, it was even smaller, I was in the
underworld was in the underworld the way it was a sick is
oh Matthew, obliged to do what appears here does not appear here
have to appear let me see that can now channel can go around the
bed of the plague they will always be able to see here it is also a party today in the
prison of the Sun born in Ceará more than anything in Piauí Santa there takes a certain
but then you went to São Paulo came in months got married in São Paulo and in
Literacy there in Parnaíba Piauí at the age of 12 right time
no Senator Deputy the councilman I don't know maybe just just a doctor he was
an excellent also do a job there
of
[Music] Biology his wife who must have
in his 70s he didn’t use his wife as much when he spent the
microphone for me I grabbed I spoke lost my sitting because it doesn't want to have
a woman like giving a little girl's answer with all those qualities
He opened a smile and certain strength was also a very very cool moment
and striking there with good Santa There in Parnaíba, right, and it's a municipality that I
I miss the opportunity life in Piauí Mission anywhere in the
forecast we will arrive there to go there to give a hug there
Monsanto this admiration that he has all Mr. President he speaks there 24
hours there for you there the age will catch us all and the Mão Santa was not for
age right he went on mine on my radar the possibility having as vice
this opportunity has passed, it's halfway through the term of mayor and I
I found it there because it takes us to make an invitation, it disappoints you, I will not
invite you to a barbecue and you are vegetarian for example ok then I
I heard Monsanto's atrocity listening to it is addicting to me and whoever was on my side there
he thought it was better not to invite him Because it seems that it is not enough to finish
his term as mayor and in my opinion won Paraíba It was a
excellent mayor As I said a little while ago I have an irrigation project
too big there to come back that you will forget will be going back to fruit and culture and
will compete with Petrolina in Pernambuco or die not but add with
Petrolina and the Northeast is a place where the fruits are more tasty.
pineapple juice how am i right there is to eat pineapple i will suck pineapple eat
pineapple You suck mango jaboticaba what else
pitomba pitomba wants more ok then ok i need to leave this project here
irrigation there are three stages is estimated at around 175 million and it's already
in the second stage And the government of the Lord in 2019 released 50 million to conclude
the second stage of irrigation that acerola ran with guava and after a
bridge also Parnaíba and coast of Parnaíba is called has a small beach
to the Parnaíba Delta the Parnaíba Delta from the driver right point
tourist Parnaíba person will visit the Delta of Parnaíba and know the bad health
also highly, right here concluding that what happens this bridge that
i'm a saint got there Parnaíba will shorten the distance to the beach and in
5 km today revolves around 19 km to get to the beach 5 km from the 15 km goes
decrease a room practically right this is exceptional people a lot
thanks there and tomorrow friday is only missing
a few days here for Sunday right to have one we have municipal elections is good
luck to the candidates much more good luck to the voters who are going to choose
People who spent four years deciding their life by increasing IPTU did not
increasing and whether it’s yes or no doing Lock Down or don’t think about it all of you
as awareness that democracy is wonderful and what materializes the
democracy is your vote good luck to all See you tomorrow if God wants right